Header background color: 888888
Header text color: white;
Movie Reviews link: http://www.rollingstone.com/movies/reviews
Fb image links to: http://www.facebook.com
What critics are saying: background color: red, text color: white

Box Office Reviews
NEWLY RELEASED 
The Martian Wins Box-Office 
Posted 3 hours ago on Rolling Stone 

Share this article: 
Martian
HOLLYWOOD—It was a fantastic weekend at the multiplex for space lovers. Ridley Scott, the guy behind such epic sci-fi flicks as “Alien” and “Prometheus” returned to space with his sci-fi drama “The Martian” which was a hit with moviegoers. The flick debuted in first take place taking in around $55 million. Just a few thousand shy of the record set back in 2012 by the visually stunning “Gravity.” Could one dare argue “The Martian” to be an awards contender?

One the smartest, sweetest, and most satisfyingly suspenseful sci-fi films in years. 
- Nerdist
Nabbing second place was last weekend’s box-office champ, “Hotel Transylvania 2” with an impressive $33 million. Not bad for the sequel which has already crossed the $100 million mark at the domestic box-office in less than 10 days. After a limited release in theaters, the drama “Sicario” saw a nationwide release that piqued the interest of moviegoers with a $12.1 million debut."Sicario" has undoubtedly surpassed moviegoers' expectations and has scored a 93% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

Seems “The Intern” has a soft spot for moviegoers, as the dramedy landed in fourth place with $11.6 million. Not bad as the flick dropped less than 50 percent in its second week. Rounding out the top five was the sequel “The Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials” which added another $7.7 million to its total. Looks like “The Martian” will remain on top in theaters this weekend, as the only threat is the live-action flick “Pan” which was supposed to be released this past summer. Never a good sign when a flick’s release date gets pushed back.

What critics are saying...
"The Right Stuff for a new generation. Cinema legend Ridley Scott and Matt Damon deliver a film we will watch over and over again." 
- Boston Herald "The film is a profound testament to the rare-and underrated-virtue of simply not screwing anything up."
- The Atlantic
"Ridley Scott turns his lens on another outer-space adventure." 
- Quad City Times "The Martian delivers on both intergalactic spectacle and feet-in-the-soil character drama." 
- Observer